# Meetings minutes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 5.2.2026
* **PARTICIPANTS:** Miro, Olli, Nadira, Jeremias
* **TEACHER:** Iv√°n

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
- The group should design the API to be part of larger system, e.g. service which
  utilizes both the API and Google Maps. System like "Client + API + Price Update Worker"
  is not enough.
- The group should add more context to the API description, e.g. mention the target audience.

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*



